Add Yubino Hara keyboard (#24042)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/sepsepkbd/yubino_hara/readme.md

# yubino_hara

> ![yubino_hara](https://imgur.com/a/c91DXXL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![yubino_hara](https://i.imgur.com/WtB6bMy.jpeg)
```

> ![yubino_hara](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nagmeal/sep-sep-kbd/main/yubino-hara/yubinohara.jpg)

Reviewer 2: Please rehost on Imgur or similar image hosting site.

Author: Ok, I'll upload it to Imgur.

- Split
- Reverse tilt (tilted from front to back)
- Symmetrical staggered

* Keyboard Maintainer: [t-ando](https://github.com/nagmeal)
* Hardware Supported: *YUBINO-HARA PCB, RP2040-zero*
* Hardware Availability: *[PCB & Case Data](https://github.com/nagmeal/sep-sep-kbd/tree/main/yubino-hara)*

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb sepsepkbd/yubino_hara -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     Connect to PC with USB cable and copy the generated fa2 file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make sepsepkbd/yubino_hara:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make sepsepkbd/yubino_hara:default:flash
```

Author: Oops, I should not have changed this.
Thanks. I will fix it.
